Proofread administration (#2681)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.10/connect/openid.md

> r---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
```

Centreon is compatible with OAuth 2.0/OpenId Connect authentication.

> The use of Identity Providers (IdP) is available; these include Microsoft Azure AD, Okta, Keycloak, LemonLDAP::NG or other IdPs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Identity Providers (IdP); these include Microsoft Azure AD, Okta, Keycloak, LemonLDAP::NG or other IdPs
```

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Users automatic management" label="Automatic management">

> If you turn on **Enable auto import**, users that log in to Centreon for the first time will be created in the Centreon configuration. (Turning the option on does not automatically import all users into your infrastructure.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you turn on **Enable auto import**, users that log in to Centreon for the first time will be created in the Centreon configuration. (Turning the option on does not automatically import all users from your infrastructure.)
```
